Use custom SPIN_DATA_DIR for spin plugins and templates (#7815)
rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop: src/go/spin-stub/README.md

# spin-stub

This is a stub executable used to launch spin on Windows.

## Usage

> Use like normal spin. It just sets up `SPIN_DATA_DIR` to point to the `spin` subdirectory in the Rancher Desktop application data directory and then invokes `../internal/spin.exe` (relative to the location of the `spin-stub` binary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it as you would with a normal spin command. It simply configures the SPIN_DATA_DIR environment variable to point to the spin subdirectory within the Rancher Desktop application data directory, and then runs ../internal/spin.exe (relative to the location of the spin-stub binary).
```

Author: I'll do the wording change but don't understand why you removed the backticks around the literal parts (command and filenames) in the text, and prefer to keep them.

Reviewer: Yes, they should stay.
